good I got no hey what's up everybody
today I'm going to show you where the
best car in the game is or at least from
the rumors I've heard it is the best car
and I'm gonna show you guys how to get
it here it is right here I'm driving it
and I'll show you guys there it is okay
for real this is it we've got to jam
that bun be James look how pretty that
car is and we got a swing listen to
Bundy sprint Houston's got a swing swing
left swing ride
oh yeah sure I gotta get this bad boy
after I take care of this guy right here
I don't like people who hold boom boxes
up to their head wearing purple outfits
so take care of him real quick in the
minivan my second favorite car of all
time love the minivan coudl parent Hey
Oh like it doesn't have any parents now
okay this is where we're going to go
fast travel right here that's on the top
right side of the map and this is we're
going to go as ATM they're the little
digital trip guy and this is where you
want to be you can also find other cool
cars like down right here but let's uh
let's try to get through this window or
see if we can break this glass okay that
didn't work so don't try that people go
through the door look at that girl gonna
dirty looks
okay here's our bad boy right here so
pretty and we'll take it out here and I
think we should kill this girl because
she didn't say hi does when we came
inside the building so let's get her oh
yeah
later out flat on that table Oh what
she's getting up again I was just gonna
try to shake it off try to shake this
off oh no she got lucky go get her
come here
get back here oh yeah you're dead now Oh
what all man she's got some skills
evading cars he's made this there you go
that's what we do to civilians there it
is it's called the scafati
I think that's how you say it all top
speed and I'm also going to buy this car
it's only $200,000 and since you
probably watched my last video you know
how to get super rich real fast
and that's what happens when you
subscribe to epic game a world but the
main reason you should subscribe to epic
gaming world is I leave a comment down
below give this video a thumbs up
remember stay epic